README.md, before:

<!--badges-->
[![License: CC BY-IGO 3.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc/3.0/igo/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/igo)
![CI Build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/WorldHealthOrganization/smart-ig-empty/ghbuild.yml)  
   
![QA errors](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2FWorldHealthOrganization.github.io%2Fsmart-ig-empty%2Fqa.json&query=%24.errs&logoColor=red&label=QA%20errors&color=yellow)
![QA warnings](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2FWorldHealthOrganization.github.io%2Fsmart-ig-empty%2Fqa.json&query=%24.warnings&logoColor=orange&label=QA%20warnings&color=yellow)
![QA hints](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2FWorldHealthOrganization.github.io%2Fsmart-ig-empty%2Fqa.json&query=%24.hints&logoColor=yellow&label=QA%20hints&color=yellow)
<!--/badges-->

# WHO SMART GUIDELINES - EMPTY IG

This is an empty framework, to be used to create SMART Implementation Guides.


## Changes and feedback

Feedback and issues about this empty framework can be submitted via the [issues](issues) page, and will be incorporated into subsequent releases.

Commit message:

Updating content for DAK Empty IG

README.md, after:

<!--badges-->
[![License: CC BY-IGO 3.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc/3.0/igo/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/igo)
![CI Build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/WorldHealthOrganization/smart-ig-empty/ghbuild.yml)  
   
![QA errors](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2FWorldHealthOrganization.github.io%2Fsmart-ig-empty%2Fqa.json&query=%24.errs&logoColor=red&label=QA%20errors&color=yellow)
![QA warnings](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2FWorldHealthOrganization.github.io%2Fsmart-ig-empty%2Fqa.json&query=%24.warnings&logoColor=orange&label=QA%20warnings&color=yellow)
![QA hints](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2FWorldHealthOrganization.github.io%2Fsmart-ig-empty%2Fqa.json&query=%24.hints&logoColor=yellow&label=QA%20hints&color=yellow)
<!--/badges-->

# WHO SMART GUIDELINES - EMPTY Digital Adaptation Kit (DAK)

An empty Digital Adaptation Kit (DAK) Implementation Guide to be used as a starting point for publishing SMART DAK content

## Changes and feedback

Feedback and issues about this empty DAK can be submitted via the [issues](issues) page, and will be incorporated into subsequent releases.
